We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.

Do not wait; the time will never be "just right." Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.

Between stimulus and response there is a space.
In that space is our power to choose our response.
In our response lies our growth and our freedom.

You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.

Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.

The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.

If it is not right, do not do it;
if it is not true, do not say it.

It is not death that a man should fear, but never beginning to live.

We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.

Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.

Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.

He who is brave is free.

Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.

It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.

Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end.

No man is free who is not master of himself.

It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.

We cannot choose our external circumstances, but we can always choose how we respond to them.

Man is disturbed not by things, but by the views he takes of them.

Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it.

We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.

Circumstances don’t make the man, they only reveal him to himself.

No great thing is created suddenly.

The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts.

Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.

You become what you give your attention to.

The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.

Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company.

When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
